README.md, before:

# football-team-analysis

A short summary of the project

## Getting Started

To set up your local development environment, please run:

    poetry install

Behind the scenes, this creates a virtual environment and installs `football_team_analysis` along with its dependencies into a new virtualenv.
Whenever you run `poetry run <command>`, that `<command>` is actually run inside the virtualenv managed by poetry.

You can now import functions and classes from the module with `import football_team_analysis`.

### Testing

We use `pytest` as test framework. To execute the tests, please run

    pytest tests

To run the tests with coverage information, please use

    pytest tests --cov=src --cov-report=html --cov-report=term

and have a look at the `htmlcov` folder, after the tests are done.

### Notebooks

You can use your module code (`src/`) in Jupyter notebooks (`notebooks/`) without running into import errors by running:

    poetry run jupyter notebook

or

    poetry run jupyter-lab

This starts the jupyter server inside the project's virtualenv.

Assuming you already have Jupyter installed, you can make your virtual environment available as a separate kernel by running:

    poetry add ipykernel

    poetry run python -m ipykernel install --user --name="football-team-analysis"

Note that we mainly use notebooks for experiments, visualizations and reports. Every piece of functionality that is meant to be reused should go into module code and be imported into notebooks.

### Distribution Package

To build a distribution package (wheel), please use

    python setup.py bdist_wheel

this will clean up the build folder and then run the `bdist_wheel` command.

### Contributions

Before contributing, please set up the pre-commit hooks to reduce errors and ensure consistency

    pip install -U pre-commit

    pre-commit install

If you run into any issues, you can remove the hooks again with `pre-commit uninstall`.

## Contact

Mark Vollmer (mark-vollmer@web.de)

## License

© Mark Vollmer

Commit message:

adding Data Flow Diagram and updating Readme

README.md, after:

# football-team-analysis

## About

The aim of this repo is to scrape footfall data/statistics from various sources, process them and evaluate and visualize them with regard to various KPIs. In this repo, the KPIS are focused on the football style of 1.FC Köln and will be analyzed further below. 

![About](images/DataFlow_diagram.png)

## Getting Started

To set up your local development environment, please run:

    poetry install

Behind the scenes, this creates a virtual environment and installs `football_team_analysis` along with its dependencies into a new virtualenv.
Whenever you run `poetry run <command>`, that `<command>` is actually run inside the virtualenv managed by poetry.

You can now import functions and classes from the module with `import football_team_analysis`.

### Testing

We use `pytest` as test framework. To execute the tests, please run

    pytest tests

To run the tests with coverage information, please use

    pytest tests --cov=src --cov-report=html --cov-report=term

and have a look at the `htmlcov` folder, after the tests are done.

### Notebooks

You can use your module code (`src/`) in Jupyter notebooks (`notebooks/`) without running into import errors by running:

    poetry run jupyter notebook

or

    poetry run jupyter-lab

This starts the jupyter server inside the project's virtualenv.

Assuming you already have Jupyter installed, you can make your virtual environment available as a separate kernel by running:

    poetry add ipykernel

    poetry run python -m ipykernel install --user --name="football-team-analysis"

Note that we mainly use notebooks for experiments, visualizations and reports. Every piece of functionality that is meant to be reused should go into module code and be imported into notebooks.

### Distribution Package

To build a distribution package (wheel), please use

    python setup.py bdist_wheel

this will clean up the build folder and then run the `bdist_wheel` command.

### Contributions

Before contributing, please set up the pre-commit hooks to reduce errors and ensure consistency

    pip install -U pre-commit

    pre-commit install

If you run into any issues, you can remove the hooks again with `pre-commit uninstall`.

## Contact

Mark Vollmer (mark-vollmer@web.de)

## License

© Mark Vollmer
